docs: Add more documentation (#18)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK.Extensions.Cpp: .docs/content/guide/2.tests.md

# Run tests

## How to use the ArmoniK C++ SDK

### Build worker and dynamic worker (Linux only)

> To use ArmoniK with the C++ SDK, a dynamic worker image must be built. This worker image is then deployed with the other ArmoniK components during the deployment phase. The worker runtime provides to ArmoniK clients a set of business services. The worker must be configured to load a shared library containing the implementation of the calculation library related to the provided services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use ArmoniK with the C++ SDK, a dynamic worker image must be built. This worker image is then deployed along with the other ArmoniK components during the deployment phase. The worker runtime provides to ArmoniK clients a set of business services. The worker must be configured to load a shared library containing the implementation of the calculation library related to the provided services.
```

In order to build the dynamic worker image (```armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker```) and the worker test (```libArmoniK.SDK.Worker.Test.so```), please run the following script:

```bash
./build-deploy-end2end.sh
```

> This script generates the dynamic worker image that is used to deploy ArmoniK with. The script also generates the shared library used by the worker to perform the ArmoniK call on the desired services.  The script will also copy this shared library into the right folder so it can be loaded by the ArmoniK worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script generates the dynamic worker image that is used to deploy ArmoniK with. The script also generates the shared library used by the worker to perform the ArmoniK call on the desired services. The script will also copy this shared library into the right folder so it can be loaded by the ArmoniK worker.
```

It is also possible to use the worker image available in the [docker hub ANEO](https://hub.docker.com/r/dockerhubaneo/armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker) and build the shared library separately.

The dynamic worker search the shared library to be loaded in a the ArmoniK deployment data directory. The ```ARMONIK_SHARED_FOLDER``` variable points to that directory and the script ```build-deploy-end2end.sh``` uses this variable to copy the built shared library in that folder. In case this script is launched without having ArmoniK deployed then, the environnement variable should be set manually to the right directory.

### Deploy ArmoniK

The ArmoniK infrastructure must be deployed with the C++ worker image. To do so, perform the following:
- Fetch [ArmoniK infra](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK) from github.
- Add the C++ worker image, either by:
  - Replacing the default partition image with the C++ dynamic worker image (```dockerhubaneo/armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker``` or locally built ```armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker```). This is done by modifying the ```parameters.tfvars``` file with the C++ image and tag for the desired deployment method (all-in-one or multi-stage).

>   - Creating a new partition for the C++ worker by adding in the same ```parameters.tfvars``` file the new partition with the right image name and tag. This choice requires specifying in the C++ code the partition name in the task options in order to run correctly. If no partition is given in task options, the default partition is targeted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     or
   - Creating a new partition for the C++ worker by adding in the same ```parameters.tfvars``` file the new partition with the right image name and tag. This choice requires specifying in the C++ code the partition name in the task options in order to run correctly. If no partition is given in task options, the default partition is targeted.
```
